[Docs] refactor model zoo (#447)
open-mmlab/mmselfsup: docs/en/model_zoo.md

- [Model Zoo](#model-zoo)
  - [Statistics](#statistics)
  - [Benchmarks](#benchmarks)
    - [ImageNet](#imagenet)

## Statistics

- Number of papers: 17

- Number of checkpoints: 48

## Benchmarks

### ImageNet

> ImageNet has multiple versions, but the most commonly used one is ILSVRC 2012. The classification results below are trained by linear evaluation or fine-tuning with loaded self-supervised pretrain backbones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ImageNet has multiple versions, but the most commonly used one is ILSVRC 2012. The classification results below are reported by linear evaluation or fine-tuning with pre-trained weights provided by various algorithms.
```
